---
title: 'GeekSoc Meeting Update &#038; Info! 12/02/15'
author: Craig Morrison
layout: post
categories:
  - Meetings
---
Hello everyone,

Firstly I am really sorry about the lack of communication that we have had during the first couple of weeks of term. Hopefully we will get back into the groove <i class="_4-k1 img sp_4Wn7r2ult0E sx_c2421f"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><img src="{{site.baseurl}}/wp-includes/images/smilies/icon_smile.gif" alt=":)" class="wp-smiley" /></span></i>

We have a Meeting tomorrow (12th) at 6pm on Level 5 where we will be messing around with some Intel Development Boards that we have been meaning to get people interested in since we got them (start of last semester), so please come with ideas of what to do with them.

<div class="text_exposed_show">
  <p>
    We have also just received a delivery of 10 workstation grade desktops that we want to put to work ASAP, unfortunately we need to get these PAT tested before we are allowed to plug them in (Union H&S). The guy who can PAT test them is currently on holiday but any ideas on what to run on them would be greatly appreciated so we can plan further meets regarding them.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    See you then,
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Robert
  </p>
</div>